feat: add jwt example to inbound proxy (#444)
Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com: docs/guides/collect/receive-cards.mdx

```

> Alternatively, if you are using JSON Web Tokens (JWT), you can verify its signature using a public key, before the Proxy starts processing the payload for tokenization. This avoids an extra network hop to your APIs in order to assert the API client authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if you are using JSON Web Tokens (JWT), you can verify the token's signature using a public key before the Proxy processes the payload for tokenization. This approach eliminates the need for an additional network request to your APIs, streamlining client authentication and improving performance.
```

> Alternatively, if you are using JSON Web Tokens (JWT), you can verify the token's signature using a public key before the Proxy processes the payload for tokenization. This approach eliminates the need for an additional network request to your APIs, streamlining client authentication and improving performance.

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if you use JSON Web Tokens (JWT), you can verify the JWT's signature using a public key before the Proxy processes the payload for tokenization. This approach eliminates the need for an additional network request to your APIs, streamlining client authentication and improving performance.
```
